README.md, before:

# User Stories

- As a player, I would like to see my previous guesses on the screen, so that I know what letters I have used.
- As a player, I would like to see the amount of letters needed for the word, so that I know the size of the word I am guessing.
- As a player, I would like to see how the flower is changing, so that I know if I am doing well or not.
- As a player, I would like to choose a category of words, so that I can pick my strengths or more of a challenge.
- As a player, I would like to choose difficulty levels, so that I can guess harder words.
- As a player, I would like to see how many games I have won, so that I can keep track of my high score.
- As a player, I would like to be able to see how many game I have lost, so that I know if I am improving.
- As a player, I would like a congratulations screen, so that I feel more accomplished.
- As a player, I would like a losing screen, so that I know that I need to try again.
- As a player, I would like to be able to reset the game, so that I can start over or pick something easier.
- As a player, I would like to be presented the rules, so that I know how to play.
- As a player, I would like to know how many times I can get my guesses wrong, so that I know how careful I need to be.
- As a player, I would like to customize my flower, so that the games feel more personal.

# Project Wireframe

![Flower time wireframe](flowertime.png)

# MVP Goals
- Show the game screen √
- Show the player how many letters are in the word
- Present the rules
- Display the flower's creation progress
- Display previous guesses
- Display correct guesses as they form the word
- Display a 'Winning message' when the player wins
- Display a 'Losing message' when the player loses
- Do not allow the player to guess the same letter twice.
- Create a reset / game start button

# Bronze Stretch Goals
- Make the background color customizable
- Make the flower customizable
- Keep count of how many wins / losses
- Make the winning screen animated
- Make the losing screen animated
- Show how many chances the player has left before a loss
- Be able to share the game with friends

# Silver Stretch Goals
- Choose word categories / difficulty level
- Make the flower animated on a win or a loss

# Gold Stretch Goals
- Play against a computer
- Show different flower animations

# Credits

- 'Flowers  Bees Petals Plants Honey'
    Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/canetadigital-18404006/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=5630670">Nathalia Nascimento</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=5630670">Pixabay</a>
- Space Background
    <a href="http://www.freepik.com">Designed by vectorpouch / Freepik</a>
- Western Background
    <a href="http://www.freepik.com">Designed by macrovector_official / Freepik</a>

Commit message:

Final changes added. Submitting project

README.md, after:

# User Stories

- As a player, I would like to see my previous guesses on the screen, so that I know what letters I have used.
- As a player, I would like to see the amount of letters needed for the word, so that I know the size of the word I am guessing.
- As a player, I would like to see how the flower is changing, so that I know if I am doing well or not.
- As a player, I would like to choose a category of words, so that I can pick my strengths or more of a challenge.
- As a player, I would like to choose difficulty levels, so that I can guess harder words.
- As a player, I would like to see how many games I have won, so that I can keep track of my high score.
- As a player, I would like to be able to see how many game I have lost, so that I know if I am improving.
- As a player, I would like a congratulations screen, so that I feel more accomplished.
- As a player, I would like a losing screen, so that I know that I need to try again.
- As a player, I would like to be able to reset the game, so that I can start over or pick something easier.
- As a player, I would like to be presented the rules, so that I know how to play.
- As a player, I would like to know how many times I can get my guesses wrong, so that I know how careful I need to be.
- As a player, I would like to customize my flower, so that the games feel more personal.

# Project Wireframe

![Flower time wireframe](flowertime.png)

# MVP Goals
- Show the game screen √
- Show the player how many letters are in the word
- Present the rules
- Display the flower's creation progress
- Display previous guesses
- Display correct guesses as they form the word
- Display a 'Winning message' when the player wins
- Display a 'Losing message' when the player loses
- Do not allow the player to guess the same letter twice.
- Create a reset / game start button

# Bronze Stretch Goals
- Make the background color customizable
- Make the flower customizable
- Keep count of how many wins / losses
- Make the winning screen animated
- Make the losing screen animated
- Show how many chances the player has left before a loss
- Be able to share the game with friends

# Silver Stretch Goals
- Choose word categories / difficulty level
- Make the flower animated on a win or a loss

# Gold Stretch Goals
- Play against a computer
- Show different flower animations

# List of Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Javascript
- DOM

# Working App Screenshots
- ![Flower Time screenshot 2](FlowertimeEx2.png)
- ![Flower Time screenshot 1](FlowertimeEx1.png)

# Unsolved problems / Major Hurdles
- I did not manage to make the word choices dynamic. I have plans on how to fix this, but I just ran out of time.
- One major hurdle and a proud moment for me was creating the makeUnderScore() function. When I typed it out and it worked, the moment the logic clicked I had felt I made the perfect function for what I was looking for and it felt great. The underscore issue gave me toruble for the first part of my assignment, and I made a good function that works dynamically.
- A second hurdle that I crossed, was designing the flower with CSS. I hadn't really worked with CSS shapes before but I figured it out and made something I am really proud of. It fits perfect with the design and the extra costumes were an added bonus.

# Installation Instructions
- Clone this repository.
- Open HTML in a web browser or Live Server using a text editor.

# Credits

- 'Flowers  Bees Petals Plants Honey'
    Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/canetadigital-18404006/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=5630670">Nathalia Nascimento</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=5630670">Pixabay</a>
- Space Background
    <a href="http://www.freepik.com">Designed by vectorpouch / Freepik</a>
- Western Background
    <a href="http://www.freepik.com">Designed by macrovector_official / Freepik</a>
